Add documentation for Deprovision Workflow API allow_delete parameter (#7639)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _automating-configurations/api/deprovision-workflow.md

When you no longer need a workflow, you can deprovision its resources. Most workflow steps that create a resource have corresponding workflow steps to reverse that action. To retrieve all resources currently created for a workflow, call the [Get Workflow Status API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/automating-configurations/api/get-workflow-status/). When you call the Deprovision Workflow API, resources included in the `resources_created` field of the Get Workflow Status API response will be removed using a workflow step corresponding to the one that provisioned them.

> The workflow executes the provisioning workflow steps in reverse order. If failures occur because of resource dependencies, such as preventing deletion of a registered model if it is still deployed, the workflow retries as long as at least one resource was deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow executes the provisioning workflow steps in reverse order. If a failure occurs because of a resource dependency, such as trying to delete a registered model that is still deployed, the workflow retries the failing step as long as at least one resource was deleted.
```

Reviewer 2: Edited suggestion to add "then". In the first sentence, is the second instance of "workflow" necessary?

Author: Good call out. I'll remove the second "workflow"

> To prevent data loss, resources created with `create_index`, `create_search_pipeline`, and `create_ingest_pipeline` steps require the resource ID to be included in the `allow_delete` parameter.

Author: Need to add documentation for the 3 new delete steps to [this page](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/automating-configurations/workflow-steps/).

Also that would need to link to "Delete Search Pipeline" API which is [not documented](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/search-pipelines/creating-search-pipeline/)

@kolchfa-aws should I just submit the missing delete search pipeline API with this PR (for 2.16) or submit a separate PR since the API has been there since 2.7.0?

Reviewer: @dbwiddis Submitting with this PR is fine. We don't support earlier documentation versions. Thanks!

> To prevent data loss, resources created with `create_index`, `create_search_pipeline`, and `create_ingest_pipeline` steps require the resource ID to be included in the `allow_delete` parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To prevent data loss, resources created using the `create_index`, `create_search_pipeline`, and `create_ingest_pipeline` steps require the resource ID to be included in the `allow_delete` parameter.
```

| Parameter | Data type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `workflow_id` | String | The ID of the workflow to be deprovisioned. Required. |

> | `allow-delete` | String | A comma separated list of resource IDs to be deprovisioned. Required if deleting resources of type `index_name` or `pipeline_id`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `allow-delete` | String | A comma-separated list of resource IDs to be deprovisioned. Required if deleting resources of type `index_name` or `pipeline_id`. |
```

In some cases, the failure happens because of another dependent resource that took some time to be removed. In this case, you can attempt to send the same request again.
{: .tip}

> If deprovisioning required the `allow_delete` parameter, OpenSearch responds with a `403 (FORBIDDEN)` status and identifies the resources that were not deprovisioned:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If deprovisioning required the `allow_delete` parameter, then OpenSearch responds with a `403 (FORBIDDEN)` status and identifies the resources that were not deprovisioned:
```
